MEMBERS
BECOMING AND CEASING TO BE A MEMBER
Applications for membership
21. No person shall become a member of the company unless—
(a) that person has completed an application for membership in a form approved by the
directors, and
(b) the directors have approved the application.
Termination of membership
22.—(1) A member may withdraw from membership of the company by giving 7 days’ notice to
the company in writing.
(2) Membership is not transferable.
(3) A person’s membership terminates when that person dies or ceases to exist. 
 26
ORGANISATION OF GENERAL MEETINGS
Attendance and speaking at general meetings
23.—(1) A person is able to exercise the right to speak at a general meeting when that person is
in a position to communicate to all those attending the meeting, during the meeting, any
information or opinions which that person has on the business of the meeting.
(2) A person is able to exercise the right to vote at a general meeting when—
(a) that person is able to vote, during the meeting, on resolutions put to the vote at the
meeting, and
(b) that person’s vote can be taken into account in determining whether or not such
resolutions are passed at the same time as the votes of all the other persons attending the
meeting.
(3) The directors may make whatever arrangements they consider appropriate to enable those
attending a general meeting to exercise their rights to speak or vote at it.
(4) In determining attendance at a general meeting, it is immaterial whether any two or more
members attending it are in the same place as each other.
(5) Two or more persons who are not in the same place as each other attend a general meeting if
their circumstances are such that if they have (or were to have) rights to speak and vote at that
meeting, they are (or would be) able to exercise them.
Quorum for general meetings
24. No business other than the appointment of the chairman of the meeting is to be transacted at
a general meeting if the persons attending it do not constitute a quorum.
Chairing general meetings
25.—(1) If the directors have appointed a chairman, the chairman shall chair general meetings if
present and willing to do so.
(2) If the directors have not appointed a chairman, or if the chairman is unwilling to chair the
meeting or is not present within ten minutes of the time at which a meeting was due to start—
(a) the directors present, or
(b) (if no directors are present), the meeting,
must appoint a director or member to chair the meeting, and the appointment of the chairman of
the meeting must be the first business of the meeting.
(3) The person chairing a meeting in accordance with this article is referred to as “the chairman
of the meeting”.
Attendance and speaking by directors and non-members
26.—(1) Directors may attend and speak at general meetings, whether or not they are members.
(2) The chairman of the meeting may permit other persons who are not members of the
company to attend and speak at a general meeting.
Adjournment
27.—(1) If the persons attending a general meeting within half an hour of the time at which the
meeting was due to start do not constitute a quorum, or if during a meeting a quorum ceases to be
present, the chairman of the meeting must adjourn it.
(2) The chairman of the meeting may adjourn a general meeting at which a quorum is present
if—
(a) the meeting consents to an adjournment, or 
 27
(b) it appears to the chairman of the meeting that an adjournment is necessary to protect the
safety of any person attending the meeting or ensure that the business of the meeting is
conducted in an orderly manner.
(3) The chairman of the meeting must adjourn a general meeting if directed to do so by the
meeting.
(4) When adjourning a general meeting, the chairman of the meeting must—
(a) either specify the time and place to which it is adjourned or state that it is to continue at a
time and place to be fixed by the directors, and
(b) have regard to any directions as to the time and place of any adjournment which have
been given by the meeting.
(5) If the continuation of an adjourned meeting is to take place more than 14 days after it was
adjourned, the company must give at least 7 clear days’ notice of it (that is, excluding the day of
the adjourned meeting and the day on which the notice is given)—
(a) to the same persons to whom notice of the company’s general meetings is required to be
given, and
(b) containing the same information which such notice is required to contain.
(6) No business may be transacted at an adjourned general meeting which could not properly
have been transacted at the meeting if the adjournment had not taken place.
VOTING AT GENERAL MEETINGS
Voting: general
28. A resolution put to the vote of a general meeting must be decided on a show of hands unless
a poll is duly demanded in accordance with the articles.
Errors and disputes
29.—(1) No objection may be raised to the qualification of any person voting at a general
meeting except at the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected to is tendered, and
every vote not disallowed at the meeting is valid.
(2) Any such objection must be referred to the chairman of the meeting whose decision is final.
Poll votes
30.—(1) A poll on a resolution may be demanded—
(a) in advance of the general meeting where it is to be put to the vote, or
(b) at a general meeting, either before a show of hands on that resolution or immediately after
the result of a show of hands on that resolution is declared.
(2) A poll may be demanded by—
(a) the chairman of the meeting;
(b) the directors;
(c) two or more persons having the right to vote on the resolution; or
(d) a person or persons representing not less than one tenth of the total voting rights of all the
members having the right to vote on the resolution.
(3) A demand for a poll may be withdrawn if—
(a) the poll has not yet been taken, and
(b) the chairman of the meeting consents to the withdrawal.
(4) Polls must be taken immediately and in such manner as the chairman of the meeting directs. 
 28
Content of proxy notices
31.—(1) Proxies may only validly be appointed by a notice in writing (a “proxy notice”)
which—
(a) states the name and address of the member appointing the proxy;
(b) identifies the person appointed to be that member’s proxy and the general meeting in
relation to which that person is appointed;
(c) is signed by or on behalf of the member appointing the proxy, or is authenticated in such
manner as the directors may determine; and
(d) is delivered to the company in accordance with the articles and any instructions contained
in the notice of the general meeting to which they relate.
(2) The company may require proxy notices to be delivered in a particular form, and may
specify different forms for different purposes.
(3) Proxy notices may specify how the proxy appointed under them is to vote (or that the proxy
is to abstain from voting) on one or more resolutions.
(4) Unless a proxy notice indicates otherwise, it must be treated as—
(a) allowing the person appointed under it as a proxy discretion as to how to vote on any
ancillary or procedural resolutions put to the meeting, and
(b) appointing that person as a proxy in relation to any adjournment of the general meeting to
which it relates as well as the meeting itself.
Delivery of proxy notices
32.—(1) A person who is entitled to attend, speak or vote (either on a show of hands or on a
poll) at a general meeting remains so entitled in respect of that meeting or any adjournment of it,
even though a valid proxy notice has been delivered to the company by or on behalf of that person.
(2) An appointment under a proxy notice may be revoked by delivering to the company a notice
in writing given by or on behalf of the person by whom or on whose behalf the proxy notice was
given.
(3) A notice revoking a proxy appointment only takes effect if it is delivered before the start of
the meeting or adjourned meeting to which it relates.
(4) If a proxy notice is not executed by the person appointing the proxy, it must be accompanied
by written evidence of the authority of the person who executed it to execute it on the appointor’s
behalf.
Amendments to resolutions
33.—(1) An ordinary resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by
ordinary resolution if—
(a) notice of the proposed amendment is given to the company in writing by a person entitled
to vote at the general meeting at which it is to be proposed not less than 48 hours before
the meeting is to take place (or such later time as the chairman of the meeting may
determine), and
(b) the proposed amendment does not, in the reasonable opinion of the chairman of the
meeting, materially alter the scope of the resolution.
(2) A special resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by ordinary
resolution, if—
(a) the chairman of the meeting proposes the amendment at the general meeting at which the
resolution is to be proposed, and
(b) the amendment does not go beyond what is necessary to correct a grammatical or other
non-substantive error in the resolution. 
 29
(3) If the chairman of the meeting, acting in good faith, wrongly decides that an amendment to a
resolution is out of order, the chairman’s error does not invalidate the vote on that resolution. 
